[ML] Implement AucRoc metric for classification (#60502)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/evaluate-dfanalytics.asciidoc

  The data type of this field must be categorical.
  
`predicted_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field in the `index` which contains the predicted value,
  in other words the results of the {classanalysis}.

`results_nested_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field of the `index` which is a nested array of results.

`predicted_class_name_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field of the `index` which contains the predicted class name.
  Must be nested under `results_nested_field`.

`predicted_probability_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field of the `index` which contains the probability of
  whether the item belongs to the class in question or not.
  Must be nested under `results_nested_field`.

`metrics`::
  (Optional, object) Specifies the metrics that are used for the evaluation.
  Available metrics:

  `accuracy`:::
    (Optional, object) Accuracy of predictions (per-class and overall).

  `auc_roc`:::
    (Optional, object) The AUC ROC (area under the curve of the receiver
    operating characteristic) score and optionally the curve.

>     It is calculated for a particular class X (provided as "class_name")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is calculated for a specific class (provided as "class_name")
```
Small change that might simplify the sentence.

Author: Done.

  The data type of this field must be categorical.
  
`predicted_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field in the `index` which contains the predicted value,
  in other words the results of the {classanalysis}.

> `predicted_class_field`::

Reviewer 2: > predicted_class_field

We can fix this in a subsequent PR if necessary, but this option doesn't appear in the right order alphabetically.

Author: Done.
But this makes me think how will the user understand the difference between `predicted_field` and `predicted_class_field`. The former is non-nested (and used for precision, recall, etc.) while the latter is nested (and used for AucRoc).
Do you have an idea on how to express the difference clearly?

  (Optional, string) The field of the `index` which contains the predicted class name.

`predicted_probability_field`::
  (Optional, string) The field of the `index` which contains the probability of
  whether the item belongs to the class in question or not.

`metrics`::
  (Optional, object) Specifies the metrics that are used for the evaluation.
  Available metrics:

  `accuracy`:::
    (Optional, object) Accuracy of predictions (per-class and overall).

  `auc_roc`:::
    (Optional, object) The AUC ROC (area under the curve of the receiver
    operating characteristic) score and optionally the curve.
    It is calculated for a specific class (provided as "class_name")
    treated as positive.

    `class_name`::::
      (Required, string) Name of the only class that will be treated as
      positive during AUC ROC calculation. Other classes will be treated as
      negative ("one-vs-all" strategy). Documents which do not have `class_name`
      in the list of their top classes will not be taken into account for evaluation.
      The number of documents taken into account is returned in the evaluation result

>       (i.e. in the auc_roc.doc_count field).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      (`auc_roc.doc_count` field).
```

Author: Done.

  `accuracy`:::
    (Optional, object) Accuracy of predictions (per-class and overall).

  `auc_roc`:::
    (Optional, object) The AUC ROC (area under the curve of the receiver

>     operating characteristic) score and optionally the curve. Default value is

Reviewer 3: I think we should explain here that this calculates AUC ROC for a specific class. Plus, we need to think where we explain what happens to the docs that don't have the target class in the top classes.

Reviewer: @przemekwitek Yes, I think it is a good idea to have`class_name` and `include_curve` as separated items under `auc_roc`.

Author: Done.
